Set Up Governance repository (#1)
templateflow/GOVERNANCE: org-docs/CHARTER.md

# Charter for the *TemplateFlow* Organization

> *TemplateFlow* is a sibling organization to the *NiPreps* Community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*TemplateFlow* is a sibling organization to the [*NiPreps* Community](https://github.com/nipreps).
```

> Anyone with an interest in *TemplateFlow* can join the organization, contribute to *TemplateFlow* design, and participate in the decision making process. This document describes how that participation takes place, how to find consensus, and how deadlocks are resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone interested in *TemplateFlow* can join the organization, contribute to *TemplateFlow*'s design, and participate in decision-making. This document describes how that participation takes place, how to find consensus, and how deadlocks are resolved.
```

Contributors agree to this policy and to abide by all *TemplateFlow* polices by adding their name to the `CONTRIBUTORS.md` file.

New contributors to a maintenance branch will be added to the `CONTRIBUTORS.md` file of that branch, and then upstreamed to posterior `<series>` branches and the `master`/`main` branch of the repository.

**1.3. Principal investigators**.
PIs are those who provide or have provided institutional resources (personnel, funding, etc.) to *TemplateFlow*, and play a supervisory role over the development of *TemplateFlow*.
PIs have reserved the last position as senior authors of papers and other dissemination activities.
*TemplateFlow* may add or remove PIs with the approval of the Organization Steering Committee of *NiPreps*.
PIs enlisted in the `PIs.md` file agree to this policy and to abide by all *TemplateFlow* polices.

> 
> **1.4. Former members**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**1.4. Template Contributors**.
The authors of templates are listed in a table of template contributors, automatically updated with the submission of new templates.

**1.5. Template Reviewers**.
Researchers who accept assignments to check the integrity and completeness of templates
contributed by template contributors.

**1.6. Former members**.
```

Finally, Principal Investigators are appended to the end of the author's list.

To generate the ordering of your paper, please run `python update_authors.py publication` from the root of the repository, on the up-to-date upstream/master branch (or the appropriate tag this publication is based off).
Then, please modify this list and place your name first.

**Public announcement**.
Publishing initiatives must be properly publicized through appropriate channels (GitHub discussions, NiPy Discourse, email lists, etc.) and made with sufficient anticipation for the Community to take corrective measures.

**Open science pledge**.
*NiPreps* and its community adheres to open science principles, such that a pre-print should be posted on an adequate archive service (e.g., ArXiv or BioRxiv) prior publication.

**Disagreement**.
In the case that any member of the community objects to the initiative of submitting a paper derived from *TemplateFlow* or its activities, or objects to the tentative individuals and/or their ordering in the author's list, the Principal Investigators of *TemplateFlow* will determine a solution in coordination with the Maintainers.

> If such a solution would not be acceptable by all the affected parties, an appeal may be addressed to the Organization's Steering Committee, which will reach out to the Principal Investigators to fully understand the conflict and establish the ultimate solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project abides by the [*NiPreps*' Project Charter](https://github.com/nipreps/GOVERNANCE/blob/main/org-docs/PROJECT-CHARTER.md).
```
